Professional
Hi, my name is Jacob Berney. I am a senior in Media and Information, soon to graduate, and I will be looking for full time work soon. The information below will allow you to become more acquainted with me as a person and my skill set.
(Get in Touch)

(Professional Photo)

I have worked for a range of organizations performing a several different functions. My first internship was at Hydraulic Tubes and Fittings, LLC in Lapeer Michigan. At HTF, I served as subject matter expert on their Computer Aided Design program, performed desktop engineering functions, and spearheaded the redesign of the company website. 

My second internship was at the Michigan Republican Party, where I served as a data intern. There, I was responsible for writing programs to parse files and automatically send emails. I also dabbled in geocoding for a while as well. 

Finally, my last internship will be with Deloitte in Detroit. With Deloitte, I will be a Technology Risk Consultant, where I will analyze the systems of a client that is being audited and I will offer suggestions to improve security as well as processes.

(Resume)

(Link to Github)

(LinkedIn Link)

———————————————


Personal (Landing)
Hi, I’m Jacob. Welcome to my site. I am a 21 year old MSU student who will graduate soon, and this is my website. On this page, you can find out more about me, such as my hobbies and interests, while on the other pages you can read about my more professional side, or my formal education at Michigan State.

(Picture of Me)

List of interests
I really like to learn, that would be my #1 interest. Whether it be learning some lore in a fictional game world, learning how to play an instrument, or learning how to improve business processes; there really isn’t much that fascinates me!

Other than that I would call myself an avid gamer, I really like to play MOBAs, MMORPGs, and strategy games as of late, but I really like classic games too, such as Pacman and old pinball machines, I think it is really fascinating to interact with some of the artifacts of modern gaming. 

Finally, I really like to play music. I picked up guitar about two summers ago and never looked back. It’s been an interesting journey, as with any musical instrument, but the satisfaction of being to play songs on a whim is bar none.

(Articles and How-to’s)


(Social Media Links)



———————————————

	

Educational
During my time at MSU, I’ve picked up on a few things. Here are some things that I have learned and done at MSU.

(List of Courses)

At MSU, I majored in Media & Information (MI), with a minor in Information Technology. Many people give me odd looks when I tell them this, however, so I usually just say Information Technology. To any extent, my time with MI has been fantastic and I wouldn’t trade it for the world. The major is interdisciplinary, allowing me to take courses in computer science, as well as business. The broad range of foundational knowledge partnered with the deep knowledge in systems and technology has allowed me to become a very attractive candidate in the job market. I am very thankful for the College of Communication Arts & Sciences for hosting such a fantastic department, and I also thank MSU as a whole for providing me with such great opportunity and fantastic education. Go Green!

(Educational Accomplishments / Appearances on the Dean’s List)

(Campus/Club involvement)